Outstanding issues:

- Add a configuration option so DELI automatically retrives 
vocabularies which it has not been explicitly configured for
From Sean Gallacher

Sorry to bother you again but I was wondering if you could clear up a matter with DELI I
am having a difficult time understanding.  I have defined a vocabulary and placed it at
http://sean:8080/ccpp/profiles/UAPROF/ccppschema-20030912.  I then create a profile
which references this vocabulary that is in turn sent to DELI for parsing.  During the
parsing phase DELI returns the message "Attribute no defined in vocabulary" for each
attribute in the profile.  I then went and created a local vocabulary .rdfs file and
placed in in config/vocab.  After doing so, I placed an entry in namespaceConfig.xml
for the URL http://sean:8080/ccpp/profiles/UAPROF/ccppschema-20030912 to reference the
new local vocabulary in config/vocab.  Now everything works just fine.

My question is, are the profile vocabularies only referenced locally in config/vocab
based on entries in the namespaceConfig.xml file? Or, if the URL vocabulary reference
in a profile has no entry in the namespaceConfig.xml file does it fetch the vocabulary
from the Internet (If so, could you explain why my reference does not seem to be
working)?

Thanks in advance,

-Sean

- From Eduaro Carillo

> Why the devices that are in the list of profiles of the profile folder 
> are different from the list of devices that are in the file 
> locprofiles.xml? 
> When a request is received , if the user user-agent that is received is 
> not found in the file locprofiles.xml, DELI makes the comparison with 
> the profiles that are in the folder profiles directly? 
> In this last case the comparison would be done using the 
> RecipientAppAgent attribute?

- If a profile has a UTF encoding problem, the validator
incorrectly concludes it is unreachable. This seems to
be an issue that ARP is not passing errors to the ARP 
error handler.

- Need to add a switch to turn debug information on and off at command
line in validator

- Need to run validator over profiles supplied with DELI

- Need clear provenance of profiles supplied with DELI. Perhaps
include manufacturers profiles, with automatic script to update
their versions, then make distinction between corrected versions
and original versions.

- It is not correct to include MMS vocabulary in vocabularies 
that follow it; it means the validator incorrectly reports errors. 
Need to go back other vocabularies, remove unnecessary variations
from .original files wherever possible. 

- DELI cannot process multiple instances of the same property in
  different components. 

- Need to update the documentation! Lots of changes, which haven't
  been fully documented. For current documentation see
  http://www-uk.hpl.hp.com/people/marbut

- Started to added Ant 1.5.4 to the distribution to simplify 
configuration and to avoid having to distribute the war in target 
download file, reducing its size. Currently the bulk of the download 
is Jena 2. However just included .jars, need to determine what other
files are needed.

It is also worth checking with the Jena 2 folks to see if they have
a smaller version of their parser. 

- Outstanding capability class bug logged on Sourceforge.

- DELI doesn't really use the approach that Semantic Web programs
  use as it doesn't use an RDF model as its main data structure,
  rather it reads in data as RDF then converts it to its own
  data structure. It would be interesting to explore whether using
  an RDF model as the main data structure would simplify things.
  For example:
  - instead of parsing the vocabularies, could keep the vocabularies
  as RDF. Currently the vocabularies are converted from RDF because
  originally DELI used an XML format for vocabularies, and the
  original UAProf vocab format stored some essential information
  in comments. One way to overcome this would be to get rid of 
  the XML format (it's hardly used now) and when the vocabularies
  are read in, convert the comments to additional RDF statements, 
  then query the vocabulary model directly when profiles are 
  processed later. 


